[CK_TILE] Row/Col quant gemm (#2729)
ROCm/composable_kernel: example/ck_tile/38_block_scale_gemm/README.md

# Quant GEMM Matrix Multiplication

> This folder contains example for quant GEMMs using ck_tile tile-programming implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains examples of quant GEMMs using the ck_tile tile-programming implementation.
```
